No one will bully you in the future
Gu Yiming
how
You probably won't.
Like me
Yeah, I just do.
Mr. Gu, are you really going to tell Miss Lin?
Wait until she gets better
So I told him.
But isn't everyone happy now?
If Miss Lin knew
His father didn't kill the old lady
He might resent you
What do you mean?
What do you mean my father didn't kill your mother?
Don't get excited
Don't call me empress
What the hell is going on?
Is between you
Or is it now?
My whole life
When you don't fully understand the situation
You will die with great pride.
Killed my father
Are you still torturing me?
No no
I just wanted to tell the story.
Let Brother Liu get the punishment he deserves
I didn't think of it either.
You didn't expect
Will he die of a heart attack by mistake?